# Stock Market Data Visualization with Vue.js

## Project Overview

The goal of this project is to create a web application using Vue.js that enables users to fetch and visualize mock stock market data generated by a web server. The project is structured into two major components: a frontend built with Vue.js, Bootstrap, and a backend developed with Node.js, Express.js, and additional libraries to facilitate data generation and real-time updates.

## Frontend (Vue.js)

### User Interface

The frontend provides a user-friendly and clean interface with the following elements:

1. **Selection Field**: A select input field that allows users to choose the symbol of the stock instrument they want to view.

2. **Radio Button**: A dropdown menu to select either daily or hourly interval data.

3. **"Fetch Data" Button**: A button to trigger the data retrieval and chart rendering process.

4. **Data Generation Form**: A form where the user can enter the number of random data points to be generated and select the interval (daily or hourly) for data generation.

5. **Candlestick Chart**: The chart for visualizing the stock market data, created using the Lightweight Charts library. It also includes a histogram to show the volume of trading.

6. **Notification System**: A notification system has been implemented to display user notifications on the top right corner of the screen.

### Data Fetching

1. **Fetch API**: Fetch API is used to make HTTP requests to the backend server for data retrieval.

2. **API Error Handling**: Graceful handling of API errors with appropriate error messages displayed to the user via the notification system.

3. **Socket.io Client**: A Socket.io client listens to the server for status updates on the tasks given.

### Data Visualization

The mock stock market data is visualized using the Lightweight Charts library, with the following features:

1. **Candlestick Chart**: Candlestick chart is used to display stock data.

2. **Data Plotting**: The chart displays data points based on date/time and price values of the selected stock instrument.

3. **Responsiveness**: The chart is designed to be responsive, adapting to different screen sizes.

4. **Interactivity**: Users can zoom in and out of the chart to view specific time intervals.

### Styling

1. **UI Design**: The user interface is styled to be visually appealing and user-friendly. Bootstrap has been used for responsiveness.

2. **Responsiveness**: The design ensures that it looks good and functions well on both desktop and mobile devices.

## Project Setup

```sh
docker-compose up --build
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```
